Big fish eat small fish
Small fish eat shrimp
You see this all the time in business.
But now, Brother Fan, you've decided to get involved
I must be on your side
You asked me to go east
I will never go west
I want Sun Zhifei and his son to be in Agricultural University
Are we
Dad, the shareholders of our company
They have already agreed to cooperate with us.
Wine beauty beauty
The most beautiful thing is victory
Dad, after tonight
The entire Blue Cloud Group is no longer excited
It's sad.
I'm excited to think about it, hahaha.
Blue Cloud Group should have been excited
He shouldn't be excited
Xu Ershao's side
How is your contact?
I have contacted
But you might have to eat
It's okay to eat a little
After all, he still has 15% of the shares
Plus all kinds of things.
How did we get to 53%
Their father and son are up to 40%
So I can't figure it out.
What shall we say?
Hahahaha
We have Wang fried in our hands.
What do you mean?
Hahahaha